Welcome back to our Declare the Good News Convention.
I'm sure you enjoyed yesterday's sessions.
How exciting it was to see the first segment of our feature drama,
The Good News, according to Jesus.
What was your favorite scene?
Was it going inside the Holy of the Temple where the aged priest Zechariah
offered incense to God?
Or seeing the angel Gabriel tells Zechariah
that his barren wife Elizabeth would give birth to a boy named John.
Remember the doubt that Zechariah expressed
and how that cost him the loss of his speech
until after the child was born?
Or was your favorite scene when Gabriel announced to the Virgin Mary
that miraculously she was to become pregnant
and give birth to God's son?
Let's watch that scene again.
And note what the angel told Mary about the child
who was to be born to her.
Greetings, you highly favored one.
Jehovah is with you.
But she was deeply disturbed at his words
and tried to understand what kind of greeting this might be.
Do not be afraid, Mary.
For you have found favor with God and look.
You will become pregnant
and give birth to a son and you are to name him.
Jesus, this one will be great
and will be called son of the most high.
And Jehovah God will give him the throne of David his father.
And he will rule his king over the house of Jacob forever
and there will be no end to his kingdom.
How is this to be?
Since I am not having sexual relations with a man.
Holy Spirit will come upon you
and the power of the most high will overshadow you.
And for that reason,
the one who was born will be called holy.
God's son and look, Elizabeth, your relative,
has also conceived the son.
In her old age.
And this is the sixth month for her, the so-called barren woman.
For no declaration will be impossible for God.
Look, Jehovah's slave girl,
it happened to me according to your declaration.
What did Gabriel tell Mary?
He said of Jesus,
Jehovah God will give him the throne of David his father
and he will rule his king.
And there will be no end to his kingdom.
That was glorious good news.
Jehovah was making it known that his own son
would serve as mankind's future ruler.
That shows the intense interest that Jehovah has in us.
That he would have his own beloved son
take over rulership of the earth.
What will we see today in the good news according to Jesus?
For one thing, the exciting event,
when Jehovah's angel declares to the shepherds
who are out in the fields with their flocks,
the good news of a great joy that all the people will have.
And then we'll watch and listen as those shepherds
are privileged to see and hear a multitude of angels
praising Jehovah.
That will be a sight to see.
After the drama,
six speakers will explain to us various prophecies
that were fulfilled regarding the manner
and timing of Jesus' birth.
Of course, the newborn Jesus grows up
to be the Christ, the promised Messiah.
By his teachings,
Jesus reveals Jehovah's provision for our salvation.
He gives up his perfect human life in behalf of mankind.
And then he's resurrected back to heaven
to become the chosen king of God's kingdom.
In future episodes,
we'll see Jesus begin his earthly ministry.
What would be his mission?
One Sabbath day when he was in the synagogue in Nazareth,
Jesus read from the scroll of Isaiah
and applied those prophetic words to himself.
Luke 4 verses 18 and 19 quotes Jesus as he read.
Jehovah's spirit is upon me
because he anointed me to declare good news to the poor.
He sent me to proclaim liberty to the captives
and a recovery of sight to the blind
to send the crushed ones away free
to preach Jehovah's acceptable year.
Then Jesus said today,
this scripture that you just heard is fulfilled.
Shortly after that,
as reported at Luke 4 verse 43,
Jesus told his disciples
what would be the theme of his preaching.
He said,
I must declare the good news of the kingdom of God
because for this I was sent.
Why would Jesus say that he must declare the good news?
On another occasion he explained,
for the world to know that I love the Father,
I am doing just as the Father has commanded me to do.
It was out of his deep love for Jehovah
that Jesus felt a strong desire to tell others
about his Heavenly Father.
Jesus also wanted to counteract the lies Satan had been promoting.
During his short earthly ministry,
Jesus said a zealous example
in trying to help people put faith in the good news.
Luke 8 verse 1 reports
that he traveled from city to city
and from village to village
preaching and declaring the good news of the kingdom of God
and the 12 were with him.
Because of that fine example,
those who learned from Jesus in the first century
wasted no time in imitating his zeal.
Acts 5 verse 42 tells us that every day in the temple
and from house to house they continued without let up,
teaching and declaring the good news about the Christ Jesus.
And so we must also be eager to declare the same good news.
Happily though, as we preach,
we can add the fact that Jesus is now ruling as our king in heaven.
What will help us to imitate Jesus' zeal for the ministry?
Prayerful meditation.
Jesus took time to pray and to ponder in private.
He had observed that people were skinned
and thrown about like sheep without a shepherd,
seeing people being maltreated and neglected,
stirred Jesus' compassion for them,
and the desire to help them.
We also can compassionately reflect
on how much the people in our territory
need to hear the good news.
And we can think about the fact that
living as we are in the last days of this system of things,
there's not much time left for people to respond
to our preaching efforts.
Many kingdom publishers find that praying and meditating
even for a few moments,
right before sharing in the ministry,
helps them to preach with greater zeal and boldness.
It deepens their desire to serve Jehovah,
sharpens their spiritual focus,
and strengthens their determination
to continue preaching regardless of the reaction they get.
May today's program stir in you
and even greater desire to proclaim the good news
of salvation day after day.
Now, please enjoy the continuation of episode 1
of the good news according to Jesus.
Part 2 centers on the second chapters
of both Luke's Gospel and Matthews.
Let's watch the conclusion of episode 1,
the true light of the world.